Nick/08 (#61)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

These two mechanisms can be complementary.  A server could use credentials for
clients that support them, while using [KEYLESS] to support legacy clients.
The private key for a delegated credential can be used in place of a certificate
private key, so it is important that the Front-End and Back-End are parties that

> have a trusted relationship in the diagram above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a trusted relationship.
```

Use of short-lived certificates with automated certificate issuance,
e.g., with Automated Certificate Managment Environment (ACME) {{?RFC8555}},
reduces the risk of key compromise, but has several limitations.

> Specifically, it introduces operationally-critical interactions with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, it introduces an operationally-critical dependency on an
```

> external party and forces a server operator dependency on the CA's
> willingness to issue certificates with sufficiently short lifetimes.  It also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
external party.  It also
```

I realize that you have to find a CA that is willing to issue short-lived certificates, but that is obvious enough that you don't need to say it.

# Security Considerations

## Security of delegated credential's private key

Delegated credentials limit the exposure of the private key used in a TLS connection by limiting
its validity period.  An attacker who compromises the private key of a delegated
credential can act as a man-in-the-middle until the delegated credential expires.
However, they cannot create new delegated credentials.  Thus, delegated
credentials should not be used to send a delegation to an untrusted party, but
is meant to be used between parties that have some trust relationship with each

> other.  The secrecy of the delegated credential's private key is thus important and several

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
other.  The secrecy of the delegated credential's private key is thus important and
```

access control mechanisms SHOULD be used to protect it, including file system
controls, physical security, or hardware security modules.

## Re-use of delegated credentials in multiple contexts

It is not possible to use the same delegated credential for both client and server

> authentication because the signature contains a context string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
authentication because endpoints compute the corresponding signature using a context string unique to their role (client or server).
```

Author: It's about the signature *of* the DC, which contains a context string to determine which peer can use it.

Reviewer 2: Right, it's this signature:

~~~
   struct {
     Credential cred;
     SignatureScheme algorithm;
     opaque signature<0..2^16-1>;
   } DelegatedCredential;
~~~

Which is computed using a string with either "client" or "server" in it. Let me re-phrase the suggestion!
